README.md, before:

<!--

    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.

-->
[English](./README.md) | [中文](./README_ZH.md)

# Apache IoTDB Client for Go

# Overview

This is the GoLang client of Apache IoTDB.

[Apache IoTDB](https://iotdb.apache.org) (Internet of Things Database) is a data management system for time series data, which can provide users specific services, such as, data collection, storage and analysis. Due to its light weight structure, high performance and usable features together with its seamless integration with the Hadoop and Spark ecology, IoTDB meets the requirements of massive dataset storage, high throughput data input, and complex data analysis in the industrial IoT field.

Apache IoTDB website: https://iotdb.apache.org
Apache IoTDB Github: https://github.com/apache/iotdb

# How to Compile the Client

# Prerequisites

    golang >= 1.13

# How to Use the Client (Quick Start)

With go mod

```sh
export GO111MODULE=on
export GOPROXY=https://goproxy.io

mkdir session_example && cd session_example

curl -o session_example.go -L https://github.com/apache/iotdb-client-go/raw/main/example/session_example.go

go mod init session_example
go run session_example.go
```

Without go mod

```sh
# get thrift 0.13.0
go get github.com/apache/thrift
cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/apache/thrift
git checkout 0.13.0

mkdir -p $GOPATH/src/iotdb-client-go-example/session_example
cd $GOPATH/src/iotdb-client-go-example/session_example

curl -o session_example.go -L https://github.com/apache/iotdb-client-go/raw/main/example/session_example.go
go run session_example.go
```

Commit message:

Use local rpc.thrift to generate thrift code when the iotdb's submodule is enabled. (#15)

README.md, after:

<!--

    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.

-->
[English](./README.md) | [中文](./README_ZH.md)

# Apache IoTDB Client for Go

## Overview

This is the GoLang client of Apache IoTDB.

[Apache IoTDB](https://iotdb.apache.org) (Internet of Things Database) is a data management system for time series data, which can provide users specific services, such as, data collection, storage and analysis. Due to its light weight structure, high performance and usable features together with its seamless integration with the Hadoop and Spark ecology, IoTDB meets the requirements of massive dataset storage, high throughput data input, and complex data analysis in the industrial IoT field.

Apache IoTDB website: https://iotdb.apache.org
Apache IoTDB Github: https://github.com/apache/iotdb

## How to Compile the Client

## Prerequisites

    golang >= 1.13

## How to Use the Client (Quick Start)

With go mod

```sh
export GO111MODULE=on
export GOPROXY=https://goproxy.io

mkdir session_example && cd session_example

curl -o session_example.go -L https://github.com/apache/iotdb-client-go/raw/main/example/session_example.go

go mod init session_example
go run session_example.go
```

Without go mod

```sh
# get thrift 0.13.0
go get github.com/apache/thrift
cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/apache/thrift
git checkout 0.13.0

mkdir -p $GOPATH/src/iotdb-client-go-example/session_example
cd $GOPATH/src/iotdb-client-go-example/session_example

curl -o session_example.go -L https://github.com/apache/iotdb-client-go/raw/main/example/session_example.go
go run session_example.go
```

## Developer environment requirements for iotdb-client-go

### OS

* Linux, Macos or other unix-like OS
* Windows+bash(WSL, cygwin, Git Bash)

### Command Line Tools

* golang >= 1.13
* make >= 3.0
* curl >= 7.1.1
* thrift 0.13.x
